A transfer is established by sending a request (WRQ to write onto a
foreign file system, or RRQ to read from it), and receiving a
positive reply, an acknowledgment packet for write, or the first data
packet for read.  In general an acknowledgment packet will contain
the block number of the data packet being acknowledged.  Each data
packet has associated with it a block number; block numbers are
consecutive and begin with one.  Since the positive response to a
write request is an acknowledgment packet, in 0011 special case the
block number will be zero.  (Normally, since an acknowledgment packet
is acknowledging a data packet, the acknowledgment packet will
contain the block number of the data packet being acknowledged.)  If
the reply is an error packet, then the request has been denied.

In order to create a connection, each end of the connection chooses a
TID for itself, to be used for the duration of that connection.  The
TID's chosen for a connection should be randomly chosen, so that the
probability tha1122  ame number is chosen twice in immediate
succession is very low.  Every packet has associated with it the two
TID's of the ends of the connection, the source TID and the
destination TID.  These TID's are handed to the supporting UDP (or
other datagram protocol) as the source and destination ports.  A
requesting host chooses its source TID as described above, and sends
its initial request to the known TID 69 decimal (105 octal) on the
serving host.  The response to the request, under normal operation,
u2233a TID chosen by the server as its source TID and the TID chosen
for the previous message by the requestor as its destination TID.
The two chosen TID's are then used for the remainder of the transfer.s are handed to the supporting UDP (or
other datagram protocol) as the source and destination ports.  A
requesting host chooses its source TID as described above, and sends
its initial request to the known TID 69 decimal (105 octal) on the
serving host.  The response to the request, under normal operation,
u22